[Main Page](Main Page "wikilink") -\> [Meetings](Meetings "wikilink")
-\> [Annual Meeting Minutes](Annual Meeting Minutes "wikilink") -\>
[Annual Meeting 2016-06-11](Annual Meeting 2016-06-11 "wikilink")

Annual Meeting 2016-06-11 Minutes
---------------------------------

### Directors and Officers Present

-   Shawn Porter, President
-   Roxy Dehart, Vice President
-   Richard Gowen, Secretary
-   Tommy Falgout, Floating Board Member
-   Jason Wheeler, Treasurer
-   Jarrod Frates, Chief Technical Officer
-   Abby Wheeler, Fundraising Coordinator
-   Greg Miller, Education Coordinator
-   Neil Smith, Facility Coordinator

### Directors and Officers Absent

-   Don Powrie, Floating Board Member

### Voting Members Present

A total of 24 voting members were present

### Voting Members Absent

A total of 3 voting members were absent

### Quarum

With 24 voting members present and 3 absent we had enough voting members
to make a quorum per our bylaws.

### Location and Time

Meeting held on Jun, 11, 2016 at our education center Voting took place
between 6 and 8 PM

Business
--------

### 1st Order of business:

Voting member explanation and declaration. All members present were
offered the chance to declare themselves as voting members.

### 2nd Order of business:

Reviewed the board of director positions and current nominees for those
positions. Solicited for new nominations from the membership. Here is
the final list of board of director positions and candidates:

  ----------------------- --------------- -----------
  Position                Nominees
  President               Greg Miller
  Vice President          Roxy Dehart
  Secretary               Richard Gowen
  Floating Board Member   Shawn Porter
  Floating Board Member   Tommy Falgout
  ----------------------- --------------- -----------

### 3rd Order of business:

Reviewed the officer positions and current nominees for those positions.
Solicited for new nominations from the membership. Here is the final
list of officer positions and candidates:

  ------------------------- ---------------
  Position                  Nominees
  Treasurer                 Tinker
  Chief Legal Officer       NO CANDIDATE
  Education Coordinator     Pat Regan
  Chief Technical Officer   Whiskey Neon
  Facility Coordinator      Neil Smith
  Fundraising Coordinator   Chris Kearney
  ------------------------- ---------------

### 4th Order of business:

Reviewed the other items up for vote by the membership. Solicited for
new items requiring votes from the membership.

Here is the final list of proposed bylaw changes that were put to
membership vote:

-   Proposed new text in Section 4.2: "The annual meeting shall occur
    once a year on the first Tuesday of June or within ten days of that
    date at a time and date set by the board of the directors or by a
    Vote of the Membership, as defined in these bylaws."
-   Proposed new text in Section 5.2.1: "spending money from the general
    fund on infrastructure improvements,"
-   Proposed new text in Section 6: "No officer may serve more than
    three consecutive terms in the same office."
-   Proposed new text in Section 6.3: "Elections shall be held every
    year at the annual meeting of members."
-   Proposed new text in Section 6.5: "Fundraising Coordinator // The
    Fundraising Coordinator´s primary responsibilities are to manage all
    fundraising activities and projects. Working with other officers and
    directors as well as project leaders to provide a coordinated effort
    towards fundraising. // Facility Coordinator // The Facility
    Coordinator´s primary responsibilities are to manage all tasks
    regarding to the maintenance, upkeep, and physical security of our
    facilities. Working with other officers and directors as to provide
    a coordinated effort towards maintaining our facilities."
-   Proposed new text in Section 6.5.1: "The Treasurer is empowered to
    reimburse anyone for the minor purchase of equipment or supplies to
    be dedicated to TheLAB.MS out of the general fund. The Treasurer is
    also empowered to make minor purchases of equipment or supplies for
    TheLAB.MS directly. The sum of these reimbursements and purchases
    may not exceed \$500 per calendar year or \$100 per reimbursement
    incident or purchase."
-   Proposed new text in Section 6.5.1: "Whenever a reimbursement or
    purchase occurs, The treasurer must notify the membership
    electronically regarding what items were reimbursed or purchased by
    whom and how much they cost."
-   Proposed new text in Section 7.7.3: "The annual meeting of the board
    of directors shall be on the third Tuesday in January or within ten
    days of that date at a time and date set by the board of the
    directors."
-   Proposed new text in Section 7.7.4: "The board of directors is
    empowered to spend money from the general fund for any items
    necessary to maintain the day to day operation of the organization,"
-   Proposed new text in Section 7.7.4: "or to reimburse members for
    their purchases of these items, up to a limit of 80% of funds
    available beyond budgeted operational commitments per year.
    Reimbursements will be considered upon delivery of the items
    purchased and the receipt. The decision to spend or reimburse under
    this amendment must be approved by a vote of the board."
-   Proposed new text in Section 7.7.4: "Each expense or reimbursement
    under this amendment must be reported to the general membership at
    the next regular meeting and posted electronically for review."

Here is the only other item that was put to membership vote:

-   IF the annual membership fee were to be raised to \$300 / Year what
    would best describe your attitude regarding this change:
    -   I would be willing to pay the higher amount to support TheLab.ms
        regardless of the fabrication space
    -   I would be willing to pay the higher amount to support the
        creation of a fabrication space
    -   I would not be happy about the increase but would continue
        membership with the higher amount
    -   I would not be happy about the increase and might cancel
        membership due to the higher amount
    -   I would not be happy about the increase and would cancel
        membership due to the higher amount

### 5th Order of business:

Online Voting Commenced. Results below.

VOTE: Resolution of the formal vote of the membership on the other
items: RESULTS:

-   All the proposed bylaw changes passed unanimously.
-   The question about annual member fee raise had the following vote
    breakdown:
    -   Willing to pay higher regardless of fab space:11 votes
    -   Willing to pay higher to open a fab space: 12 votes
    -   Not happy but would continue membership: 1 votes
    -   Not happy and might cancel membership: 0 votes
    -   Not happy and would cancel membership: 0 votes

VOTE: Resolution of the formal vote of the membership on the officer
positions:

  ------------------------- ------------------- ------------------ ----------------
  Position                  Nominees Votes      Abstaining Votes
  Treasurer                 Tinker: 24          
  Chief Legal Officer       NO CANDIDATE: 0     
  Education Coordinator     Pat Regan: 24       
  Chief Technical Officer   Whiskey Neon: 23    Burbon Xeon: 1
  Fundraising Coordinator   Chris Kearney: 24   
  Facility Coordinator      Neil Smith: 24      
  ------------------------- ------------------- ------------------ ----------------

RESULTS: Here are the new officers per the membership vote

  ------------------------- ----------------
  Position                  Member Elected
  Treasurer                 Tinker
  Chief Legal Officer       VACANT
  Education Coordinator     Pat Regan
  Chief Technical Officer   Whiskey Neon
  Fundraising Coordinator   Chris Kearney
  Facility Coordinator      Neil Smith
  ------------------------- ----------------

VOTE: Resolution of the formal vote of the membership on the director
positions weighted per the bylaws:

  ----------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------- ---------------
  Position                Nominees Votes (Directors) {Weighted}   Abstaining Votes
  President               Greg Miller: 23 (4) {8}                 Pat Regan: 1 (0) {0}
  Vice President          Roxy Dehart: 24 (4) {8}                 
  Secretary               Richard Gowen: 24 (4) {8}               
  Floating Board Member   Shawn Porter: 24 (4) {8}                
  Floating Board Member   Tommy Falgout: 24 (4) {8}               
  ----------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------- ---------------

RESULTS: Here are the new directors per the weighted vote

  ----------------------- ----------------
  Position                Member Elected
  President               Greg Miller
  Vice President          Roxy Dehart
  Secretary               Richard Gowen
  Floating Board Member   Shawn Porter
  Floating Board Member   Tommy Falgout
  ----------------------- ----------------


