[Main Page](Main Page "wikilink") -\> [Meetings](Meetings "wikilink")
-\> [Board Meeting Minutes](Board Meeting Minutes "wikilink") -\> [Board
Meeting 2014-10-16](Board Meeting 2014-10-16 "wikilink")

Board Meeting 2014-10-16 Minutes
--------------------------------

### Directors Present

-   Jason Wheeler, President
-   Roxy Dehart, Vice President
-   Richard Gowen, Secretary
-   Don Powrie, Floating Board Member

### Directors Absent

-   Dustin Dykes, Floating Board member

### Location and Time

Meeting held on October 16, at Richard's House and Conference Call.

Business
--------

### 1st Order of business:

Default licenses (CC, GPL, MIT). Discussed the default licenses that
TheLab.ms should adopt for it's content. The general thinking is to use
Creative Commons for all non-code based content and a version of GPL for
code based content. More research needs to be done on the specific
licenses and how we would word our exception policy for things that may
fall outside of the default stance. No vote on this has been taken at
this time. This item has been tabled for the next board meeting to allow
all board members to fully understand the license differences and make
an educated vote at that time.

### 2nd Order of business:

Default position on intellectual property. Discussion around IP,
Copyright, and scenarios that could pose issues for TheLab.ms if we do
not adopt a default position regarding this. While this was a good
discussion, there was no consensus on a default position. This item has
been tabled for the next board meeting.

### 3rd Order of business:

Conflict Of Interest discussion for Jarrod mentioning his SANS courses
during formal events. Is it okay for Jarrod to mention his SANS classes
at formal Lab events. All of us agreed that as long as he differentiates
between TheLab.ms and his personal classes this should be fine.

Vote on Jarrod speaking about his SANS courses NOT being a conflict of
interest as long as he differentiates between TheLab.ms and his classes:

-   Vote: 4 in favor, 0 opposed, 1 abstained
-   Resolution: Vote passed

### 4th Order of business:

BSides hardware hacking village project. We were able to get Mike to
agree to provide us some of his throwing star LAN Tap business cards. In
order to make LAN Tap's from these cards we need to purchase the RJ45
connectors and capacitors. Estimated spend for supplies would be about
\$90. This was raised at the last membership meeting and received
support from the members for the idea.

Vote on spending money for BSides hardware hacking project, pending
membership input:

-   Vote: 4 in favor, 0 opposed, 1 abstained
-   Resolution: Vote passed

