[[Main Page]] -> [[Meetings]] -> [[Board Meeting Minutes]] -> [[Board Meeting 2015-04-02]]

==Board Meeting 2015-04-02 Minutes==

===Directors Present===
* Jason Wheeler, President
* Roxy Dehart, Vice President
* Richard Gowen, Secretary
* Don Powrie, Floating Board Member
* Tommy Falgout, Floating Board Member

===Directors Absent===
* None

===Location and Time===
Meeting held on April 2, at Richard's House and Conference Call.

==Business==

===1st Order of business:===

An issue was raised regarding out Chief Legal Officer not being an attorney.  Doing some research we found that this could be a bad idea as it could leave us open to possible liability.  Given this issue our current CLO William Whitney III has tendered his resignation.  A motion has been raised to leave this position unfilled unless we get an attorney to volunteer for it.  We will raise this at the annual meeting to determine if the position should be removed.

Vote on leaving the CLO position open until we get an attorney to fill it or the position gets removed at the annual meeting:
* Vote: 5 in favor, 0 opposed, 0 abstained
* Resolution: Vote passed 

===2nd Order of business:===

New sponsorship levels and rewards were agreed to by the board via email.  A motion has be raised to vote on their acceptance by the board.  Here is a summary of the new sponsorship levels being voted on:

<blockquote style="background-color: lightgrey; border: solid thin grey;">
Below you will find a breakdown of our sponsorship levels and the benefits provided by each. Our sponsorship amounts are based on a fraction of our annual fundraising goal which is subject to change at our annual meeting each June. 
Annual Sponsorship Levels
* Angel Sponsor
** Those who provide a donation of half of our annual goal will be able to negotiate a custom contract detailing the benefits such a gracious donation would receive.
* Platinum Sponsor
** Those who donate one third of our annual goal have the following benefits:
** Will have naming rights to one of our Tier 1 spaces (tiers detailed below)
** Receives 24 membership points (points explained below)
** Will be mentioned at all of our meetings and events (method will vary by event).
** Will be listed as a Platinum Sponsor on all of our web pages.
* Gold Sponsor
** Those who donate one fourth of our annual goal have the following benefits:
** Will have naming rights to one of our Tier 2 spaces (tiers detailed below)
** Receives 12 membership points (points explained below)
** Will be mentioned at all of our meetings and events (method will vary by event).
** Will be listed as a Gold Sponsor on all of our web pages.
* Silver Sponsor
** Those who donate one sixth of our annual goal have the following benefits:
** Will have naming rights to one of our Tier 3 spaces (tiers detailed below)
** Receives 6 membership points (points explained below)
** Will be mentioned at all of our meetings and events (method will vary by event).
** Will be listed as a Silver Sponsor on all of our web pages.
* Named Sponsor
** Those who donate at least one eighteenth of our annual goal have the following benefits:
** Will be mentioned on a slide at our monthly membership meetings as a Named Sponsor.
** Will be listed as a Named Sponsor on all of our web pages.
Our Current Annual Goal Is $36,000 Multi-Year Contracts Lock In A Discounted Price*
<table>
<tr><td>Sponsorship Level</td><td>Annual Donation</td><td>2 Year Contract (-15%)</td><td>3 Year Contract (-25%)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Angel </td><td>$18,000 </td><td>$30,600 ($15,300/Year) </td><td>$40,500 ($13,500/Year)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Platinum </td><td>$12,000 </td><td>$20,400 ($10,200/Year) </td><td>$27,000 ($9,000/Year)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Gold </td><td>$9,000 </td><td>$15,300 ($7,650/Year) </td><td>$20,250 ($6,750/Year)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Silver </td><td>$6,000 </td><td>$10,200 ($5,100/Year) </td><td>$13,500 ($4,500/Year)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Named </td><td>$2,000 </td><td>$3,400 ($1,700/Year) </td><td>$4,500 ($1,500/Year)</td></tr>
</table>
Sponsors may contractually agree to make recurring annual donations at a fixed discounted price that will remain in effect for the duration of the contract regardless if the annual goal goes up.
Upgrades Offered For A Limited Time: Silver or Gold sponsors who donate before we sign a lease on a space will be upgraded to the next sponsorship level becoming Gold or Platinum sponsors respectively.
Special Sponsorship Levels
* Minor Event Sponsor
** Those who donate at least $100 (cash or equivalent in items/services) for an event with less than 100 planned participants have the following benefits:
** Will be listed as a Named Sponsor for the event on all event promotions and publications.
** Will be mentioned as a Named Sponsor at the event (method will vary by event)
* Major Event Sponsor
** Those who donate at least $1500 (cash or equivalent in items/services) for an event with 100 or more planned participants have the following benefits:
** Will be listed as a Named Sponsor for the event on all event promotions and publications.
** Will be mentioned as a Named Sponsor at the event (method will vary by event)
* Lifetime Members
** Those who donate $1000 prior to us having a physical space have the following benefits:
** Will have lifetime membership status and never need to pay future membership fees.
** Will be mentioned on a slide at our monthly membership meetings as a Lifetime Member.
** Will be listed as a Lifetime Member on all of our web pages.
* Plank Owners
** Those who become paid members prior to us having a physical space will have their membership fees locked in at the current $20/Month or $200/Year amount for as long as they remain paid members in good standing.
</blockquote>

Vote on the new sponsorship levels as described:
* Vote: 5 in favor, 0 opposed, 0 abstained
* Resolution: Vote passed

