== Thursday July 24th 19:00 Brew Night ==
Join TheLab.ms for a Brew Night event on Thursday July 24th at 7 PM. The event will be held in the garage/driveway of [https://goo.gl/maps/l7MTr 703 Cypress Drive in Allen TX 75002]. This event is open to anyone over 21 years of age who wishes to spectate and learn the brewing process. However, only paying members of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age can participate in brewing their own batch.


We will be brewing an American Extra Stout beer using an all grain brew in a bag process.  I have named this beer '''AES''' as it should produce flavors as complex as an encryption protocol.


If you are a paying member of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age and wish to participate in brewing your own batch, then you will need to add a comment to this event indicating that so we can purchase your ingredients. Other than the ingredients you will need to bring all your own equipment. 


Please use this forum to post any questions or comments you may have: [http://forum.thelab.ms/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=2028 Brew Night Event July 24th 7PM]


We look forward to seeing you at the event!


=== Outline of the event ===
*We will review the recipe and ingredients (grains, hops, yeast) and discuss why they were chosen.
*We will mill the grains and add them to the mash tun.
*We will mash in the grains in a bag in the kettle at the temp per our recipe.
*We will steep the grains in the kettle at the temp per our recipe.
*We will mash out the grains in the kettle at the temp per our recipe.
*We will boil that wort in the kettle with hops per our recipe.
*We will crash cool the wort using a wort chiller or ice chest.
*We will take an original gravity reading of the wort.
*We will transfer the wort to a fermentation bucket.
*We will pitch yeast and seal the fermentation bucket with an airlock.


=== Required Equipment List For Brewers ===
*Brew Kettle 10+ Gal capacity 
*Heat source (e.g. Propane burner) 
*Fermentation Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity
*Wort Chiller or Ice Chest (Note: This is optional as there will be a plate chiller with pump available for member use) 
*Utensils and Thermometer


=== TheLab AES (American Extra Stout) ===
<pre>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recipe: TheLAB AES (American Extra Stout)
Brewer: TheLAB.ms members
Asst Brewer: 
Style: American Stout
TYPE: All Grain BIAB
Taste: (30.0) 

Recipe Specifications
--------------------------
Boil Size: 6.32 gal
Post Boil Volume: 5.30 gal
Batch Size (fermenter): 5.00 gal   
Bottling Volume: 4.80 gal
Estimated OG: 1.056 SG
Estimated Color: 36.8 SRM
Estimated IBU: 70.7 IBUs
Brewhouse Efficiency: 74.00 %
Est Mash Efficiency: 75.5 %
Boil Time: 60 Minutes

Ingredients:
------------
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 tbsp             PH 5.2 Stabilizer (Mash 60.0 mins)       Water Agent   1        -             
7 lbs                 Caramel/Crystal Malt - 60L (60.0 SRM)    Grain         2        63.6 %        
3 lbs                 Pale Malt (2 Row) US (2.0 SRM)           Grain         3        27.3 %        
1 lbs                 Caramel/Crystal Malt -120L (120.0 SRM)   Grain         4        9.1 %         
1.00 oz               Warrior [15.00 %] - Boil 60.0 min        Hop           5        58.0 IBUs     
0.25 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        6        -             
0.75 oz               Citra [12.00 %] - Boil 10.0 min          Hop           7        12.6 IBUs     
1.0 pkg               Nottingham Yeast (Lallemand #-) [23.66 m Yeast         8        -             
1.0 pkg               SafAle English Ale (DCL/Fermentis #S-04) Yeast         9        -             


Mash Schedule: BIAB, Full Body
Total Grain Weight: 11 lbs
----------------------------
Name                           Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Saccharification               Add 7.13 gal of water at 163.9 F        156.0 F       60 min        
Mash Out                       Heat to 168.0 F over 7 min              168.0 F       10 min        

Sparge: If steeping, remove grains, and prepare to boil wort
Notes:
------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BREW PROCESS
------------
---RECIPE SPECIFICATIONS-----------------------------------------------
SRM: 36.8 SRM		SRM RANGE: 30.0-40.0 SRM
IBU: 70.7 IBUs Tinseth	IBU RANGE: 35.0-75.0 IBUs
OG: 1.056 SG		OG RANGE: 1.050-1.075 SG
FG: 1.016 SG		FG RANGE: 1.010-1.022 SG
BU:GU: 1.255		Calories: 182.3 kcal/12oz	Est ABV: 5.3 %		
EE%: 74.00 %	Batch: 5.00 gal      Boil: 6.32 gal	BT: 60 Mins

---WATER CHEMISTRY ADDITIONS----------------

Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 tbsp             PH 5.2 Stabilizer (Mash 60.0 mins)       Water Agent   1        -             

Total Grain Weight: 11 lbs	Total Hops: 1.75 oz oz.
---MASH/STEEP PROCESS------MASH PH:5.20 ------
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD WATER CHEMICALS BEFORE GRAINS!!<<<<<<<
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
7 lbs                 Caramel/Crystal Malt - 60L (60.0 SRM)    Grain         2        63.6 %        
3 lbs                 Pale Malt (2 Row) US (2.0 SRM)           Grain         3        27.3 %        
1 lbs                 Caramel/Crystal Malt -120L (120.0 SRM)   Grain         4        9.1 %         

Name                           Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Saccharification               Add 7.13 gal of water at 163.9 F        156.0 F       60 min        
Mash Out                       Heat to 168.0 F over 7 min              168.0 F       10 min        

---SPARGE PROCESS---
>>>>>>>>>>-RECYCLE FIRST RUNNINGS & VERIFY GRAIN/MLT TEMPS: 72.0 F/72.0 F
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD BOIL CHEMICALS BEFORE FWH
If steeping, remove grains, and prepare to boil wort

---BOIL PROCESS-----------------------------
Est Pre_Boil Gravity: 1.045 SG	Est OG: 1.056 SG
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 oz               Warrior [15.00 %] - Boil 60.0 min        Hop           5        58.0 IBUs     
0.25 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        6        -             
0.75 oz               Citra [12.00 %] - Boil 10.0 min          Hop           7        12.6 IBUs     

---FERM PROCESS-----------------------------
Primary Start: 21 Jul 2014 - 4.00 Days at 67.0 F
Secondary Start: 25 Jul 2014 - 10.00 Days at 67.0 F
Style Carb Range: 2.30-2.90 Vols
Bottling Date: 04 Aug 2014 with 2.3 Volumes CO2: 
---NOTES------------------------------------

Created with BeerSmith 2 - http://www.beersmith.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</pre>

