== Thursday June 26th 19:00 Brew Night ==
Join TheLab.ms for a Brew Night event on Thursday June 26th at 7 PM. The event will be held in the garage/driveway of [https://goo.gl/maps/l7MTr 703 Cypress Drive in Allen TX 75002]. This event is open to anyone over 21 years of age who wishes to spectate and learn the brewing process. However, only paying members of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age can participate in brewing their own batch.


This brew night will have TheLab.ms members brew their most complicated beer to date.  We will be brewing a Dusseldorf Alt Bier using a multi-step infusion all grain process.  I have named this beer '''GestAlt''' as it is a pattern of elements so unified as a whole that it cannot be described merely as a sum of its parts, as well as a Geek Esteemed Alt Bier.


This brew night will introduce several new brewing concepts to TheLab.ms members all at once:
*Producing a yeast starter in a beaker (Beakers available for loan/purchase at the event)
*Multiple temperature infusion steps in an all grain mash
*New wort chilling method using a plate chiller with pump
*Unique fermentation profile using Ale temperature for the Primary and Lager temperature for the Secondary 


If you are a paying member of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age and wish to participate in brewing your own batch, then you will need to add a comment to this event indicating that so we can purchase your ingredients. Other than the ingredients you will need to bring all your own equipment. 


Please use this forum to post any questions or comments you may have: [http://forum.thelab.ms/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=2014 Brew Night Event June 26th 7PM]


We look forward to seeing you at the event!


=== Outline of the event ===
*We will review the recipe and ingredients (grains, hops, yeast) and discuss why they were chosen.
*We will mill the grains and add them to the mash tun.
*We will mash in the grains in a mash tun at the Protein Rest temp per our recipe.
*We will steep the grains in a mash tun at the Saccharification Beta-Amylase temp per our recipe.
*We will steep the grains in a mash tun at the Saccharification Alpha-Amylase temp per our recipe.
*We will mash out the grains in a mash tun at the Mash Out temp per our recipe.
*We will fly sparge the grains from the mash tun draining the wort to the kettle.
*We will boil that wort in the kettle with hops per our recipe.
*We will crash cool the wort using a wort chiller or ice chest.
*We will take an original gravity reading of the wort.
*We will transfer the wort to a fermentation bucket.
*We will pitch yeast and seal the fermentation bucket with an airlock.


=== Required Equipment List For Brewers ===
*Beaker, 2L capacity for yeast starter (Note: These will be available for loan/purchase at the event)
*Mash Tun 10+ Gal capacity with a Spigot
*Brew Kettle 10+ Gal capacity 
*Heat source (e.g. Propane burner) 
*Fermentation Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity
*Fly Sparge Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity with a Spigot 
*Wort Chiller or Ice Chest (Note: This is optional as there will be a plate chiller with pump available for member use) 
*Utensils and Thermometer


=== GestAlt - TheLab Alt Bier ===
<pre>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BeerSmith 2 Recipe Printout - http://www.beersmith.com
Recipe: GestAlt - TheLAB Alt Bier
Brewer: TheLAB.ms members
Asst Brewer: 
Style: Düsseldorf Altbier
TYPE: All Grain
Taste: (30.0) 

Recipe Specifications
--------------------------
Boil Size: 6.71 gal
Post Boil Volume: 5.46 gal
Batch Size (fermenter): 5.00 gal   
Bottling Volume: 4.65 gal
Estimated OG: 1.054 SG
Estimated Color: 15.4 SRM
Estimated IBU: 42.6 IBUs
Brewhouse Efficiency: 75.00 %
Est Mash Efficiency: 78.8 %
Boil Time: 75 Minutes

Ingredients:
------------
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 tbsp             PH 5.2 Stabilizer (Mash 60.0 mins)       Water Agent   1        -             
5 lbs                 Pilsner (2 Row) Ger (2.0 SRM)            Grain         2        50.0 %        
2 lbs 8.0 oz          Munich Malt - 10L (10.0 SRM)             Grain         3        25.0 %        
1 lbs                 Caramel/Crystal Malt - 60L (60.0 SRM)    Grain         4        10.0 %        
1 lbs                 Vienna Malt (3.5 SRM)                    Grain         5        10.0 %        
8.0 oz                Caramel/Crystal Malt -120L (120.0 SRM)   Grain         6        5.0 %         
2.00 oz               Spalter [4.50 %] - Boil 75.0 min         Hop           7        36.3 IBUs     
0.25 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        8        -             
1.00 oz               Spalter [4.50 %] - Boil 10.0 min         Hop           9        6.3 IBUs      
1.0 pkg               Dusseldorf Alt Yeast (White Labs #WLP036 Yeast         10       -             


Mash Schedule: Alt Bier Double Infusion Mash
Total Grain Weight: 10 lbs
----------------------------
Name                           Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Protein Rest                   Add 3.05 gal of water at 129.0 F        122.0 F       25 min        
Saccharification Beta-Amylase  Add 1.25 gal of water at 209.5 F        145.0 F       25 min        
Saccharification Alpha-Amylase Add 1.00 gal of water at 202.6 F        155.0 F       30 min        
Mash Out                       Add 1.75 gal of water at 210.8 F        168.0 F       10 min        

Sparge: Fly sparge with 1.41 gal water at 168.0 F
Notes:
------
GestAlt     noun \gə-ˈstält\
1. A configuration or pattern of elements so unified as a whole that it cannot be described merely as a sum of its parts.
2. Geek Esteemed Alt Bier

Created with BeerSmith 2 - http://www.beersmith.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BeerSmith 2 Brew Process Printout - http://www.beersmith.com
Recipe: GestAlt - TheLAB Alt Bier	TYPE: All Grain
Style: Düsseldorf Altbier
---RECIPE SPECIFICATIONS-----------------------------------------------
SRM: 15.4 SRM		SRM RANGE: 11.0-17.0 SRM
IBU: 42.6 IBUs Tinseth	IBU RANGE: 35.0-50.0 IBUs
OG: 1.054 SG		OG RANGE: 1.046-1.054 SG
FG: 1.018 SG		FG RANGE: 1.010-1.015 SG
BU:GU: 0.786		Calories: 182.7 kcal/12oz	Est ABV: 4.7 %		
EE%: 75.00 %	Batch: 5.00 gal      Boil: 6.71 gal	BT: 75 Mins

---WATER CHEMISTRY ADDITIONS----------------

Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 tbsp             PH 5.2 Stabilizer (Mash 60.0 mins)       Water Agent   1        -             

Total Grain Weight: 10 lbs	Total Hops: 3.00 oz oz.
---MASH/STEEP PROCESS------MASH PH:5.40 ------
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD WATER CHEMICALS BEFORE GRAINS!!<<<<<<<
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
5 lbs                 Pilsner (2 Row) Ger (2.0 SRM)            Grain         2        50.0 %        
2 lbs 8.0 oz          Munich Malt - 10L (10.0 SRM)             Grain         3        25.0 %        
1 lbs                 Caramel/Crystal Malt - 60L (60.0 SRM)    Grain         4        10.0 %        
1 lbs                 Vienna Malt (3.5 SRM)                    Grain         5        10.0 %        
8.0 oz                Caramel/Crystal Malt -120L (120.0 SRM)   Grain         6        5.0 %         


Name                           Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Protein Rest                   Add 3.05 gal of water at 129.0 F        122.0 F       25 min        
Saccharification Beta-Amylase  Add 1.25 gal of water at 209.5 F        145.0 F       25 min        
Saccharification Alpha-Amylase Add 1.00 gal of water at 202.6 F        155.0 F       30 min        
Mash Out                       Add 1.75 gal of water at 210.8 F        168.0 F       10 min        

---SPARGE PROCESS---
>>>>>>>>>>-RECYCLE FIRST RUNNINGS & VERIFY GRAIN/MLT TEMPS: 75.0 F/75.0 F
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD BOIL CHEMICALS BEFORE FWH
Fly sparge with 1.41 gal water at 168.0 F

---BOIL PROCESS-----------------------------
Est Pre_Boil Gravity: 1.042 SG	Est OG: 1.054 SG
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
2.00 oz               Spalter [4.50 %] - Boil 75.0 min         Hop           7        36.3 IBUs     
0.25 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        8        -             
1.00 oz               Spalter [4.50 %] - Boil 10.0 min         Hop           9        6.3 IBUs      


---FERM PROCESS-----------------------------
Primary Start: 26 Jun 2014 - 4.00 Days at 65.0 F
Secondary Start: 30 Jun 2014 - 14.00 Days at 54.0 F
Style Carb Range: 2.10-3.10 Vols
Bottling Date: 14 Jul 2014 with 2.3 Volumes CO2: 
---NOTES------------------------------------
GestAlt     noun \gə-ˈstält\
1. A configuration or pattern of elements so unified as a whole that it cannot be described merely as a sum of its parts.
2. Geek Esteemed Alt Bie

Created with BeerSmith 2 - http://www.beersmith.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</pre>

