== Thursday January 28th 19:00 Brew Night ==
Join TheLab.ms for a Brew Night event on Thursday January 28th at 7 PM. The event will be held in the garage/driveway of [https://goo.gl/maps/l7MTr 703 Cypress Drive in Allen TX 75002]. This event is open to anyone over 21 years of age who wishes to spectate and learn the brewing process. However, only paying members of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age can participate in brewing their own batch.


This brew night will have TheLab.ms members brew a Doppelbock.  I've named this beer '''DoppleGanger''' since it will be a Doppelbock impersonating a Chocolate Stout (we are using some leftover chocolate malt from our previous brew).


If you are a paying member of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age and wish to participate in brewing your own batch, then you will need to add a comment to this event indicating that so we can purchase your ingredients. Other than the ingredients you will need to bring all your own equipment. 


We look forward to seeing you at the event!


=== Required Equipment List For Brewers ===
* Mash Tun 10+ Gal capacity with a Spigot
* Brew Kettle 10+ Gal capacity 
* Heat source (e.g. Propane burner) 
* Fermentation Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity
* Fly Sparge Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity with a Spigot
* Wort Chiller or Ice Chest 
* Utensils and Thermometer
NOTE: Equipment is available for rent.  Contact [mailto://richard@thelab.ms richard@thelab.ms] for details.


=== View or Download this recipe from BeerSmithRecipes.com ===
[http://beersmithrecipes.com/viewrecipe/1021552/thelab-doppleganger http://beersmithrecipes.com/viewrecipe/1021552/thelab-doppleganger]

=== DoppleGanger - Dopplebock Impersonating A Chocolate Stout ===
<pre>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recipe: TheLab DoppleGanger
Brewer: TheLab.ms Members
Asst Brewer: 
Style: Doppelbock
TYPE: All Grain
Taste: (30.0) 

Recipe Specifications
--------------------------
Boil Size: 7.14 gal
Post Boil Volume: 5.72 gal
Batch Size (fermenter): 4.75 gal   
Bottling Volume: 5.03 gal
Estimated OG: 1.073 SG
Estimated Color: 35.8 SRM
Estimated IBU: 25.4 IBUs
Brewhouse Efficiency: 70.00 %
Est Mash Efficiency: 81.1 %
Boil Time: 90 Minutes

Ingredients:
------------
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
8 lbs                 Pale Malt (2 Row) US (2.0 SRM)           Grain         1        57.1 %        
4 lbs                 Munich Malt (9.0 SRM)                    Grain         2        28.6 %        
1 lbs                 Chocolate Malt (250.0 SRM)               Grain         3        7.1 %         
8.0 oz                Barley, Flaked (1.7 SRM)                 Grain         4        3.6 %         
8.0 oz                Carafa III (525.0 SRM)                   Grain         5        3.6 %         
0.50 oz               Magnum [12.00 %] - Boil 60.0 min         Hop           6        19.5 IBUs     
0.24 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        7        -             
1.00 oz               Goldings, East Kent [5.00 %] - Boil 10.0 Hop           8        5.9 IBUs      
1.0 pkg               German Bock Lager (White Labs #WLP833) [ Yeast         9        -             


Mash Schedule: Triple Infusion, Full Body
Total Grain Weight: 14 lbs
----------------------------
Name              Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Acid Rest         Add 2.55 gal of water at 103.2 F        97.0 F        20 min        
Protein Rest      Add 1.05 gal of water at 197.9 F        122.0 F       25 min        
Saccharification  Add 2.80 gal of water at 207.5 F        156.0 F       35 min        
Mash Out          Add 2.10 gal of water at 208.2 F        168.0 F       10 min        

Sparge: Fly sparge with 1.13 gal water at 168.0 F
Notes:
------
The DoppleGanger is a Dopplebock impersonating a Chocolate Stout.

This will be a complex beer for TheLab.ms brewers to pull off.   We will be doing a triple infusion mash with an extra long boil and doing yeast starters before pitching.  Then we will have to wait almost two months before we can taste it.  The waiting will be the hardest part.

----------------------------
BREW PROCESS
----------------------------
Recipe: TheLab DoppleGanger	TYPE: All Grain
Style: Doppelbock
---RECIPE SPECIFICATIONS-----------------------------------------------
SRM: 35.8 SRM		SRM RANGE: 6.0-25.0 SRM
IBU: 25.4 IBUs Tinseth	IBU RANGE: 16.0-26.0 IBUs
OG: 1.073 SG		OG RANGE: 1.072-1.112 SG
FG: 1.022 SG		FG RANGE: 1.016-1.024 SG
BU:GU: 0.346		Calories: 245.8 kcal/12oz	Est ABV: 6.8 %		
EE%: 70.00 %	Batch: 4.75 gal      Boil: 7.14 gal	BT: 90 Mins

---WATER CHEMISTRY ADDITIONS----------------


Total Grain Weight: 14 lbs	Total Hops: 1.50 oz oz.
---MASH/STEEP PROCESS------MASH PH:5.40 ------
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD WATER CHEMICALS BEFORE GRAINS!!<<<<<<<
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
8 lbs                 Pale Malt (2 Row) US (2.0 SRM)           Grain         1        57.1 %        
4 lbs                 Munich Malt (9.0 SRM)                    Grain         2        28.6 %        
1 lbs                 Chocolate Malt (250.0 SRM)               Grain         3        7.1 %         
8.0 oz                Barley, Flaked (1.7 SRM)                 Grain         4        3.6 %         
8.0 oz                Carafa III (525.0 SRM)                   Grain         5        3.6 %         


Name              Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Acid Rest         Add 2.55 gal of water at 103.2 F        97.0 F        20 min        
Protein Rest      Add 1.05 gal of water at 197.9 F        122.0 F       25 min        
Saccharification  Add 2.80 gal of water at 207.5 F        156.0 F       35 min        
Mash Out          Add 2.10 gal of water at 208.2 F        168.0 F       10 min        

---SPARGE PROCESS---
>>>>>>>>>>-RECYCLE FIRST RUNNINGS & VERIFY GRAIN/MLT TEMPS: 72.0 F/72.0 F
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD BOIL CHEMICALS BEFORE FWH
Fly sparge with 1.13 gal water at 168.0 F

---BOIL PROCESS-----------------------------
Est Pre_Boil Gravity: 1.056 SG	Est OG: 1.073 SG
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
0.50 oz               Magnum [12.00 %] - Boil 60.0 min         Hop           6        19.5 IBUs     
0.24 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        7        -             
1.00 oz               Goldings, East Kent [5.00 %] - Boil 10.0 Hop           8        5.9 IBUs      


---FERM PROCESS-----------------------------
Primary Start: 28 Jan 2016 - 14.00 Days at 52.0 F
Secondary Start: 11 Feb 2016 - 7.00 Days at 52.0 F
Style Carb Range: 2.30-2.60 Vols
Bottling Date: 18 Feb 2016 with 2.3 Volumes CO2: 
---NOTES------------------------------------
The DoppleGanger is a Dopplebock impersonating a Chocolate Stout.

This will be a complex beer for TheLab.ms brewers to pull off.   We will be doing a triple infusion mash with an extra long boil and doing yeast starters before pitching.  Then we will have to wait almost two months before we can taste it.  The waiting will be the hardest part


Created with BeerSmith 2 - http://www.beersmith.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</pre>

