== Thursday June 23rd 19:00 Brew Night ==
Join TheLab.ms for a Brew Night event on Thursday June 23rd at 7 PM. The event will be held in the garage/driveway of [https://goo.gl/maps/l7MTr 703 Cypress Drive in Allen TX 75002]. This event is open to anyone over 21 years of age who wishes to spectate and learn the brewing process. However, only paying members of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age can participate in brewing their own batch.


This brew night will have TheLab.ms members brew a lawnmower beer.  I've named this beer '''Dear John, A Lawnmower Beer''' as we hope it will be something worth writing about.


If you are a paying member of TheLab.ms over 21 years of age and wish to participate in brewing your own batch, then you will need to add a comment to this event indicating that so we can purchase your ingredients. Other than the ingredients you will need to bring all your own equipment. 


We look forward to seeing you at the event!


=== Required Equipment List For Brewers ===
* Mash Tun 10+ Gal capacity with a Spigot
* Brew Kettle 10+ Gal capacity 
* Heat source (e.g. Propane burner) 
* Fermentation Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity
* Fly Sparge Bucket 5+ Gal Capacity with a Spigot
* Wort Chiller or Ice Chest 
* Utensils and Thermometer
NOTE: Equipment is available for rent.  Contact [mailto://richard@thelab.ms richard@thelab.ms] for details.


=== View or Download this recipe from BeerSmithRecipes.com ===
[http://beersmithrecipes.com/viewrecipe/1166645/dear-john-a-lawnmower-beer http://beersmithrecipes.com/viewrecipe/1166645/dear-john-a-lawnmower-beer]

=== Dear John, A Lawnmower Beer ===
<pre>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recipe: Dear John, A Lawnmower Beer
Brewer: TheLab.ms Members
Asst Brewer: 
Style: Cream Ale
TYPE: All Grain
Taste: (30.0) 

Recipe Specifications
--------------------------
Boil Size: 6.64 gal
Post Boil Volume: 5.51 gal
Batch Size (fermenter): 5.00 gal   
Bottling Volume: 4.60 gal
Estimated OG: 1.050 SG
Estimated Color: 4.9 SRM
Estimated IBU: 19.3 IBUs
Brewhouse Efficiency: 70.00 %
Est Mash Efficiency: 75.6 %
Boil Time: 60 Minutes

Ingredients:
------------
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 tbsp             PH 5.2 Stabilizer (Mash 60.0 mins)       Water Agent   1        -             
9 lbs                 Pale Malt (2 Row) US (2.0 SRM)           Grain         2        90.0 %        
8.0 oz                Munich Malt - 20L (20.0 SRM)             Grain         3        5.0 %         
8.0 oz                Rye Malt (4.7 SRM)                       Grain         4        5.0 %         
1.00 oz               Liberty [4.30 %] - Boil 60.0 min         Hop           5        16.4 IBUs     
0.25 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        6        -             
0.50 oz               Liberty [4.30 %] - Boil 10.0 min         Hop           7        3.0 IBUs      
0.75 oz               Orange Peel, Bitter (Boil 10.0 mins)     Spice         8        -             
1.0 pkg               Nottingham Yeast (Lallemand #-) [23.66 m Yeast         9        -             


Mash Schedule: Single Infusion, Light Body, Batch Sparge
Total Grain Weight: 10 lbs
----------------------------
Name              Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Mash In           Add 3.52 gal of water at 157.8 F        148.0 F       75 min        

Sparge: Batch sparge with 2 steps (1.19gal, 3.52gal) of 168.0 F water
Notes:
------
Dear John, A Lawnmower Beer is a clean, flavorful ale version of the American lager style.
It's perfect for a Saturday afternoon on a riding mower.

Recipe: Dear John, A Lawnmower Beer	TYPE: All Grain
Style: Cream Ale
---RECIPE SPECIFICATIONS-----------------------------------------------
SRM: 4.9 SRM		SRM RANGE: 2.5-5.0 SRM
IBU: 19.3 IBUs Tinseth	IBU RANGE: 15.0-20.0 IBUs
OG: 1.050 SG		OG RANGE: 1.042-1.055 SG
FG: 1.009 SG		FG RANGE: 1.006-1.012 SG
BU:GU: 0.385		Calories: 167.6 kcal/12oz	Est ABV: 5.4 %		
EE%: 70.00 %	Batch: 5.00 gal      Boil: 6.64 gal	BT: 60 Mins

---WATER CHEMISTRY ADDITIONS----------------

Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 tbsp             PH 5.2 Stabilizer (Mash 60.0 mins)       Water Agent   1        -             

Total Grain Weight: 10 lbs	Total Hops: 1.50 oz oz.
---MASH/STEEP PROCESS------MASH PH:5.40 ------
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD WATER CHEMICALS BEFORE GRAINS!!<<<<<<<
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
9 lbs                 Pale Malt (2 Row) US (2.0 SRM)           Grain         2        90.0 %        
8.0 oz                Munich Malt - 20L (20.0 SRM)             Grain         3        5.0 %         
8.0 oz                Rye Malt (4.7 SRM)                       Grain         4        5.0 %         


Name              Description                             Step Temperat Step Time     
Mash In           Add 3.52 gal of water at 157.8 F        148.0 F       75 min        

---SPARGE PROCESS---
>>>>>>>>>>-RECYCLE FIRST RUNNINGS & VERIFY GRAIN/MLT TEMPS: 72.0 F/72.0 F
>>>>>>>>>>-ADD BOIL CHEMICALS BEFORE FWH
Batch sparge with 2 steps (1.19gal, 3.52gal) of 168.0 F water

---BOIL PROCESS-----------------------------
Est Pre_Boil Gravity: 1.041 SG	Est OG: 1.050 SG
Amt                   Name                                     Type          #        %/IBU         
1.00 oz               Liberty [4.30 %] - Boil 60.0 min         Hop           5        16.4 IBUs     
0.25 tsp              Irish Moss (Boil 10.0 mins)              Fining        6        -             
0.50 oz               Liberty [4.30 %] - Boil 10.0 min         Hop           7        3.0 IBUs      
0.75 oz               Orange Peel, Bitter (Boil 10.0 mins)     Spice         8        -             


---FERM PROCESS-----------------------------
Primary Start: 23 Jun 2016 - 4.00 Days at 67.0 F
Secondary Start: 27 Jun 2016 - 10.00 Days at 67.0 F
Style Carb Range: 2.60-2.70 Vols
Bottling Date: 07 Jul 2016 with 2.3 Volumes CO2: 
---NOTES------------------------------------
Dear John, A Lawnmower Beer is a clean, flavorful ale version of the American lager style.
It's perfect for a Saturday afternoon on a riding mower

Created with BeerSmith 2 - http://www.beersmith.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</pre>

