<table cellspacing="1" cellpadding="5" style="text-align:left; font-size:16px; width:90%">
<tr style="text-align:center; font-size:22px; font-weight:bold; color:limegreen; background-color:#000000;">
<td>Welcome to TheLab.ms wiki</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>
TheLab.ms was formed to provide a place and the infrastructure for creative people to collaborate, share ideas, and pursue creative interests. We are an all volunteer, non-profit organization. We are a community resource currently hosting classes and meetups for the public around a wide variety of topics including: robotics, programming, beer brewing, wireless communications, and information security.
</td>
</tr>
<tr style="text-align:center; font-weight:bold">
<td>
Welcome to TheLab.ms. Let's build something together!
<br><br>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

<table cellspacing="1" cellpadding="5" style="text-align:left; font-size:16px; width:90%">
<tr style="text-align:center; font-size:22px; font-weight:bold; color:limegreen; background-color:#000000;">
<td style="width:33%">Events</td>
<td style="width:34%">Program Pages</td>
<td style="width:33%">Where To Find Us</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="vertical-align:top; width:33%">
Please check out our [http://www.meetup.com/TheLab-ms/ Meetup] page for all our upcoming events.<br>
Upcoming Meetup Events:
<rss max=4 templatename="MediaWiki:Rss-Meetup-Links">http://www.meetup.com/TheLab-ms/events/rss/</rss>
</td>
<td style="vertical-align:top; width:34%">
{{:Programs}}
</td>
<td style="vertical-align:top; width:33%">
<h5>Our Content</h5>
<table>
<tr><td>Home</td><td>[http://www.thelab.ms TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Wiki</td><td>[http://wiki.thelab.ms Wiki.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Forum</td><td>[http://forum.thelab.ms Forum.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>GitHub</td><td>[http://git.thelab.ms Git.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
</table>
<h5>Social Media</h5>
<table>
<tr><td>Twitter</td><td>[http://twitter.thelab.ms Twitter.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Reddit</td><td>[http://reddit.thelab.ms Reddit.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Facebook</td><td>[http://facebook.thelab.ms Facebook.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Google+</td><td>[http://google.thelab.ms Google.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
</table>
<h5>Other Resources</h5>
<table>
<tr><td>[[IRC]]</td><td>[http://irc.thelab.ms/ IRC.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Fortran</td><td>[http://fortran.thelab.ms Fortran.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
<tr><td>Meetup</td><td>[http://meetup.thelab.ms Meetup.TheLab.ms]<td></tr>
</table>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

<table cellspacing="1" cellpadding="5" style="text-align:left; font-size:16px; width:90%">
<tr style="text-align:center; font-size:22px; font-weight:bold; color:limegreen; background-color:#000000;">
<td style="width:33%">Past Events</td>
<td style="width:34%">Meetings</td>
<td style="width:33%">Bylaws</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="vertical-align:top; width:33%">
{{:Past Events}}
</td>
<td style="vertical-align:top; width:34%">
*[[Meetings|About Our Meetings]]
*[[Annual_Meeting_Minutes]]
*[[Board_Meeting_Minutes]]
We Just held out first Annual Meeting of the membership!
<br>
Congratulations to all our new Officers and Board Members! 
<br>
</td>
<td style="vertical-align:top; width:33%">
*[[Bylaws]]
We have published our [[Bylaws]] for anyone to review.  These [[Bylaws]] are subject to change at our Annual Meeting of the membership.
<br>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

