[[Main Page]] -> [[Meetings]]
:::: [[Annual Meeting Minutes]] | [[Board Meeting Minutes]]

==Regular Meetings==

From our [[Bylaws]]:
<blockquote>Regular meetings for The LAB will be held the second Monday of each month at 19:00 Central Time. Additional meetings may be held as determined by the board of directors.  The meeting shall be held at the registered address or at a location determined by the board of directors.</blockquote>

At present we do not yet have a space. Until we do, our regular member meetings may not always be in the same location.

We will be using our [http://www.meetup.com/thelab-ms Meetup] event page to notify members of these meetings and their location.

No official minutes will be kept for regular meetings. However, there is a [http://forum.thelab.ms/viewforum.php?f=8 Meetings Forum]. There will be a forum post for each meeting outlining the event. This forum will be open for registered users to post questions, comments, and information to. So the documentation of our regular meetings will be as detailed as our community wishes to make it.

==Annual Meetings==

From our [[Bylaws]]:
<blockquote>The annual meeting shall occur at the standard meeting time and the standard meeting place on the third Tuesday of May. The date and time can be changed by the procedures for a Vote of the Membership, as defined in these bylaws. The following issues shall be addressed at the annual meeting:
* Election of all officers.
* Election of all at-large directors.
* Any other issues that members have placed before the membership to be discussed at the annual meeting, pursuant to the proposal and voting rules stated in these bylaws for Votes of the Membership.
</blockquote>

We hope to have our first official annual meeting of the membership in June 2014 just as the Bylaws dictate. The actual time and place for this meeting will be dependent upon the status of our space. Once confirmed this meeting will be announced via email (to registered users of this site who signed up for our newsletter) and will also be entered into our [http://www.meetup.com/thelab-ms Meetup] event page.

Meeting minutes for each of these meetings of the membership shall be recorded and made publicly available via the [[Annual Meeting Minutes]] page on this site.

==Board Meetings==
From our [[Bylaws]]:
<blockquote>The Board of Directors shall have an annual meeting, as required by Texas law. The annual meeting of the board of directors shall be on the third Tuesday in January. Notice of this annual meeting shall be provided electronically to all directors and members of the organization, at the e-mail address provided to the corporation, at least 5 days in advance. Notice shall also be posted at the corporations registered address. The Board of Directors may also call special meetings other than the annual meeting, as necessary. Notice of any special meeting shall be provided electronically to all directors and members of the organization, at the e-mail address provided to the corporation, at least 5 days in advance. Notice shall also be posted at the corporation’s registered address. All Members may attend any meeting of the board of directors.</blockquote>

The Annual board meeting will be announced via email (to registered users of this site who signed up for our newsletter) and will also be entered into our [http://www.meetup.com/thelab-ms Meetup] event page.

In addition to the annual board meeting there are expected to be several special board meetings necessary for the creation of our organization, special fund raising efforts, and securing our physical space. Some of these have happened already in an informal manner. However, moving forward these will be formalized with notification just like the annual board meeting.

Meeting minutes for all board meetings shall be recorded and made publicly available via the [[Board Meeting Minutes]] page on this site.

