Privacy Policy
==============

TheLab.ms places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This
privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to the privacy of our members and website users. This policy explains
what types of information is collected by TheLab.ms and how this
information is used.

What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
-----------------------------------------------------

All paying members of TheLab.ms as well as those that register on our
websites provide us with a name and email address.

All members who have declared themselves to be voting members are
required to provide their legal name and address as well as an email
address and must show government-issued photo identification to validate
the information provided.

How Your Information May be Used
--------------------------------

The name and email addresses provided to us are used to process
membership dues, keep track of current members, and provide email
notifications to our membership. You may choose to opt out of the email
notifications at any time. This information is not shared outside our
organization.

The additional information provided by voting members may need to be
disclosed to the state or federal government as required by law based on
our 501(c)(3) status. This information is not used in any other way or
shared outside our organization for any other purpose than disclosures
required by law.

Privacy Policy Updates
----------------------

TheLab.ms has tried to create a privacy policy that is comprehensive,
readable, and thorough. Despite our best efforts, we may find it
necessary to revise it. Any changes will be made without prior notice.
The current TheLab.ms Privacy Policy will continue to be posted on our
website. If you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy,
please send them to leadership@thelab.ms
