Meetup link: [Scratch for
Kids](http://www.meetup.com/TheLab-ms/events/172971002/)

RSVP'd: 28

Head count: 29

Type of Event: Education, Programming

Location: [Improving Enterprises](http://www.improvingenterprises.com/)

The following text has been edited from the original to fit wiki style
formatting.

### Initial Information

[**Scratch**](http://scratch.mit.edu/about/) is a programming language
designed to teach children the basics of how to think like a programmer.

Super easy and fun, kids and adults of all ages interested in learning a
very easy programming language are welcome to join us in this FREE
event.

Special guests [Cori Drew](https://twitter.com/coridrew) and her 10 year
old daughter will be leading this amazing workshop.

RSVP due to space is limited.

[Scratch: Info for parents](http://scratch.mit.edu/parents/)

Agenda: This will be a hands-on workshop. Bringing your own laptop (with
mouse) is recommended.

2:00pm-2:50pm: Scratch 101 & Get set up on your computer

2:50pm-3:00pm: Break

3:00pm-4:30pm: Hands-on Workshop with lessons every 20-30 minutes

4:30pm-5:00pm: Show off your work! (but only if you want to)

* * * * *

### Post Event Information

Thanks, everyone, for coming out.

That was Katelyn's first real talk, and I cannot thank you enough for
being such a wonderful & receptive audience for her. What a great group
you are.

Here are the links to the resources we talked about, and I can be found
on Twitter [(@coridrew)](https://twitter.com/coridrew) if you have any
questions:

<http://code.org/learn>

[http://www.pluralsight.com/kids­](http://www.pluralsight.com/kids­)

[http://www.codecademy.com/­](http://www.codecademy.com/­)

Also, I have a post on Programming Resources for Kids, but I wrote it a
couple of years ago (during which the above resources have been created
or improved tremendously): [Truncated CoDr's
Blog](http://truncatedcodr.wordpress.com/programming-resources-for-kids/)

Thanks again for coming out yesterday. It was great to meet you all!

-Cori

p.s. Thanks for bearing with us when the Scratch site was down. I was
happy to learn that an offline editor for 2.0 exists. Here's the
[link](http://scratch.mit.edu/scratch2download/)

Of course, if you want to work online, click "create" from their
[website.](http://scratch.mit.edu/­)

### Pictures

![](ScratchForKids_1.jpeg "fig:ScratchForKids_1.jpeg")
![](ScratchForKids_2.jpeg "fig:ScratchForKids_2.jpeg")
![](ScratchForKids_3.jpeg "fig:ScratchForKids_3.jpeg")
![](ScratchForKids_4.jpeg "fig:ScratchForKids_4.jpeg")

If you have more pictures that you would like to be added please send a
e-mail to <leadership@thelab.ms> and someone will add them.
