Title: Annual Meeting 2014-01-13
Date: 2016-06-12 10:20
Modified: 2016-06-12 10:30
Authors: Richard Gowen
Summary: Annual Meeting 2014-01-13
url: /
save_as: Annual_Meeting_2014-01-13.html

[Main Page](index.html) -\> [Meetings](Meetings.html)
-\> [Annual Meeting Minutes](Annual_Meeting_Minutes.html) -\>
[Annual Meeting 2014-01-13](Annual_Meeting_2014-01-13.html)

Regular Meeting 2014-01-13 Informal Action Minutes
--------------------------------------------------

### Directors and Officers Present

-   Shawn Porter, President
-   Roxy Dehart, Vice President
-   Richard Gowen, Secretary

### Directors and Officers Absent

None

### Members Present

Approximatly 20 members in varying status
(paid/unpaid/voting/non-voting) we in attendance. A formal count was not
taken.

### Location and Time

Meeting held on Jan, 13, 2014 at Allen Wickers from 7 PM to 10 PM.

Business
--------

### 1st Order of business:

Reviewed our mission and the high level goals for The Lab. Notable
phrases: 'idea's having sex', 'conceptual orgies'

### 2nd Order of business:

Reviewed our financial goals, estimated operating expenses, and
potential location. Goal to raise $100k+ in the first year to cover
operating expenses for 1st and 2nd years and fund programs. Operating
expenses estimated at $35k/yr to cover rent, insurance, power, etc.
Potential location identified in the Prairie Creek Village strip mall on
15th St at Independence. Discussed fundraising options. Many fundraising
ideas raised that should be presented in the forum for follow up on.

### 3rd Order of business:

Reviewed our Bylaws Concerns raised about the point system around the
expiration and tracking of points. Discussion regarding the age
requirements of The Lab and the possibility of hosting programs to young
adults in the future.

### 4th Order of business:

Reviewed our current Programs Brewmaster's Basement notes: Event on Feb
6th discussed. Suggestion made to sell brewing equipment kits to members
at cost utilizing the Paypal donate feature to pay for them prior to the
event. AV Club notes: Will be useful in publicizing our space and help
establish our organization. Possibility of a documentary on the
formation of The Lab. Wireless Lab notes: Mesh networking project.
Looking into light based technology. Pure Mesh not really possible until
white space in the television frequency bands become available for use.
Hackerspace notes: Capture The Flag Event on Jan 25th discussed. Various
hackerspace projects discussed including robotics, programming, and
more. Discussion about educational reach out programs The Lab could
sponsor to teach those age groups not currently allowed to be members.

### 5th Order of business:

Review open positions, nominations, and informal vote of the membership
Here is the final list of opened positions and nominations:

Position                   | Nominees
-------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------
Treasurer                  | Will W.
Chief Legal Officer        | David H. (khoralin)
Public Relations Officer   | Abby W. (evilllk)
Education Coordinator      | Julio C. (juliocasablanca), Jason G. (init6)
Chief Technical Officer    | Julio C. (juliocasablanca), Dwight S. (denzuko)

VOTE: Resolution of the informal vote of the membership on the open positions:

Position                   | Elected Official
-------------------------- | ---------------------
Treasurer                  | Will W.
Chief Legal Officer        | David H. (khoralin)
Public Relations Officer   | Abby W. (evilllk)
Education Coordinator      | Jason G. (init6)
Chief Technical Officer    | Dwight S. (denzuko)

### 6th Order of business:

New order of business raised to create and fill a new position A new
order of business was raised to create and fill a new position titled
'Fundraising Coordinator' and to fill that position with Julio C.
(juliocasablanca). VOTE: Resolution of the informal vote of the
membership on the new open position:

Position                  | Elected Official
------------------------- | ----------------------------
Fundraising Coordinator   | Julio C. (juliocasablanca)


