Title: Monthly Board Meeting 2018-06-12
Date: 2018-06-12 20:00
Modified: 2018-06-13 10:30
Authors: Pavel Shatokhin
Summary: Monthly Board Meeting 2018-06-12
url: /
save_as: Board_Meeting_2018-06-12.html
[Main Page](index.html) -\> [Meetings](Meetings.html)
-\> [Board Meeting Minutes](Board_Meeting_Minutes.html) -\> [Board Meeting 2018-06-12](Board_Meeting_2018-06-12.html)
Monthly Board Meeting 2018-06-12 Minutes
-----------------------------
### Directors Present
-   Brandon Hansford, Floating Board Member
-   Olivia Snyder, Vice President (Remote Session)
-   Pavel Shatokhin, Secretary
-   Greg Miler, President 
### Directors Absent
-   James Ford, Floating Board Member
### Officers Present
-   Paul Ingendorf, Chief Technical Officer
-   Kevin Horn, Treasurer
-   Andy Michaels, Fundraising Coordinator
-   Tommy Falgout, Facilities Coordinator
### Location and Time
Took place at the education center on June 12th at 8 PM.
Business
--------
:
### 1st Order of Business:
The board revisted previous projects and agendas with a goal to make sure we have a current list of action items. Those items are addressed in sections below.
### 2nd Order of Business:
Discussed if The Lab should charge tuition for certain classes or rent the classroom for private events. Rather then charge for classes, tenting the room will prevent conflicts with the bylaws for offering free education. The renter will be able to do what they will within the rented space. Clarificatin would be needed on how would liability work for minors. It was agreed that the rented space is not a Lab sponsored event cant take place in place of scheduled event without advanced notice. The rented space will be limited space to classroom so as not to encroach on other member's ability use the space. Greg Miller will write up basic rules to be put up for a vote. The goal is to vote on this next membership meeting.
### 3rd Order of Business:
The improve the space donation boxes are not ready for vote. Pavel Shatokhin has committed to getting a written proposal with the rules for improve the lab donation boxes ready by next membership meeting.
### 4th Order of Business:
Update on Salesforce. More of the functionality and features are being implemented. Salesforce is on the way to replacing PayPal as The Labs primary account management program. Currently Salesforce is being used to manage member accounts. Next will be assigning roles to each account. In addition to Salesforce, the website is being reworked to be more user friendly.
### 5th Order of Business:
Kevin Horn provided an update on our financial situation. We are up $255 for this quarter. It is difficult to say how much of this is chance or decline, although per veteran board member Greg Miller, this quarter has been traditionally the worst quarter.There is positive growth as The Lab is $2,000 up vs the -$10,000 down for last year. The lab is still in the green but are treading water this quarter.
### 6th Order of Business:
The AC unit is malfunctioning. It is a likely culprit for the very large spike in The Labs electric bill. The board will bring in a repairman diagnose and repair the unit. The board will need need to figure out how to get the repairman paid due to our limited spending power according to our Bylaws. The board does not anticipate the repairs to be more then $500 so no action was taken.
### 7th Order of Business:
The Fundraising Coordinator Andy Michaels advised that he would go around different businesses for additional funding for the space. Andy will need membership participation to assist in covering additional ground.
### 8th Order of Business:
"Improve the Space" kick off will begin next month on July 15th. Needs to have an agenda posted with the likely tool being Gitub. The four possible agendas are clean the carpets, clean the scuffs on the wall, install the crashbar, and create a purge list. The agenda items will be added to the Meetup page.
