Title: Board Meeting 2017-06-03
Date: 2017-06-03 10:20
Modified: 2017-06-19 10:30
Authors: Richard Gowen
Summary: Board Meeting 2017-06-03
url: /
save_as: Board_Meeting_2017-06-03.html

[Main Page](index.html) -\> [Meetings](Meetings.html)
-\> [Board Meeting Minutes](Board_Meeting_Minutes.html) -\> [Board Meeting 2017-06-03](Board_Meeting_2017-06-03.html)

Board Vote 2017-06-03 Minutes
-----------------------------

### Directors Present

-   Greg Miller, President
-   Richard Gowen, Secretary
-   Tommy Falgout, Floating Board Member
-   Shawn Porter, Floating Board Member

### Directors Absent

-   Roxy Dehart, Vice President

### Location and Time

Took place at the education center on June 3rd 2017 at 5 PM.

Business
--------

### 1st Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding approving the spend of not more than $50
for the purchase of a checkbook for use by the Treasurer in paying bills that require checks.

Vote on the motion BV_20170603_A to allow the purchase of checks:

-   Vote: 4 in favor, 0 opposed, 1 abstained
-   Resolution: Vote passed

### 2nd Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding purchasing a new TV for the space.

A quote for the proposed TV will be obtained and this matter will be pushed until the next board meeting.

### 3rd Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding regarding having a regular schedule for checking the PO BOX as several
time sensitive items were not acted upon due to us not seeing them.

Moving forward a dedicated person and schedule will need to be determined for checking the PO BOX.
This matter will be pushed for discussion at the next board meeting.

### 4th Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding tieing our access control system to our payment system for better
tracking and creation/deletion of tokens.  Research needs to be done on this topic.
This matter will be pushed for discussion at the next board meeting.

### 5th Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding adding some POLL questions to the membership ballot.
Several questions were agreed upon and added.  See the Annual Meeting Minutes for details.

### 6th Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding awarding membership points for
outstanding service in the past year. 

The outgoing leadership team would each receive 3 membership points. This includes the following
individuals: Greg Miller, Roxy Dehart, Richard Gowen, Tommy Falgout, Shawn Porter, Pat Regan, Whiskeyneon, Chris Kearney, and Neil Smith.
The following individuals were also identified to receive 3 points each:
Steven Brunt, Andrew Davis, Thefordness, Alex Courville, Hermit, Rex

Vote on the motion BV_20170603_B to award membership points:

-   Vote: 4 in favor, 0 opposed, 1 abstained
-   Resolution: Vote passed

### 7th Order of business:

A motion has been raised regarding approving the budget for Slingfest 2017.
The costs for the event are expected to be about $4,000 made up of $1000 for field rental, 
$800 for police, $300 for extra parking, $1400 for insurance, and $500 for marketing and other expenses.

Vote on the motion BV_20170603_C to approve the spend of $4,000 for the Slingfest 2017 event:

-   Vote: 4 in favor, 0 opposed, 1 abstained
-   Resolution: Vote passed

